doc: update preferred ways to install cilium on aks (#27199)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/installation/requirements-aks.rst

Legacy Azure IPAM (``azure``) Direct Routing  Azure IPAM          Kubernetes CRD

> ============================= =============== =================== ==============

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what "Default configuration" means above but we should probably remove legacy Azure IPAM and add APBC in this table?

Author: will wait for @nbusseneau response as well

> The preferred way to run Cilium on `Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/>`_ is 

Reviewer: I'm also wondering if we should just drop the "preferred" step here and walk this back to just a statement that "AKS provides two methods to integrate Cilium CNI" and point to the two, then explain about the benefits in a minimal comparative way.

either `Bring your own CNI <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-byo-cni?tabs=azure-cli>`_ or 
`Azure CNI Powered by Cilium <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/azure-cni-powered-by-cilium>`_. 
Choosing between these options depends on your specific requirements and use case. 
If you need full control over Cilium and its features, then Bring your own CNI approach might be preferred. 
On the other hand, if you prefer a managed solution with simplified installation and 

> integration with Azure Virtual Network stack, then Azure CNI Powered by Cilium option might be suitable.

Reviewer: Out of curiosity, what does "integration with Azure Virtual Network stack" mean? Is this referring to native IPAM from Azure?

Author: yes that's right.

> integration with Azure Virtual Network stack, then Azure CNI Powered by Cilium option might be suitable.

Reviewer: The wording here feels a bit conversational, I'm wondering if we can tighten it a bit.

One approach, less diff vs. current but it still seems a little bit loose, I'd prefer to still iterate further:

```suggestion
Choosing between these options depends on your specific requirements and use case. 
If you need full control over Cilium and its features, use Bring your own CNI. 
On the other hand, if you prefer a managed solution with simplified installation and 
integration with Azure Virtual Network stack, then use Azure CNI Powered by Cilium.
```

More of a factual approach:

```suggestion
There are different benefits to each option.

**Azure CNI powered by Cilium:**
- Installation and upgrades are provided by AKS.
- Cilium is configured with delegated Azure IPAM, so Pods receive IP addresses that are routable in the Azure Virtual Network Stack.

**Bring your own CNI:**
- You can customize the Cilium installation with a wider range of features.
- Azure IPAM is not available in this mode.
```

Another way to install Cilium on AKS is through chaining with Azure CNI :ref:`chaining_azure` and 
can be integrated with Azure Stack via :ref:`Azure IPAM<ipam_azure>`. However this integration will not work for clusters using BYOCNI. 

> While it is still maintained for now, it is considered a legacy mode.

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to drop this part. Users who need this already know about it and are using it, and they can track down the specific docs page for this information. I don't think it's particularly valuable to point new users towards these modes.
